TF-4073 Update variable set documentation (#301)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/no-code-provisioning/provisioning.mdx

1. Select the no-code ready module to view its details, then click **Provision workspace**. The **Configure module inputs** page appears.

>      Terraform Cloud scans the module configuration for input variables and prompts for values for any variables without defaults or undefined in an existing [global or project-scoped variable set](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables#variable-sets). Terraform requires values for these variables to successfully complete runs in the workspace. Terraform Cloud performs type validation for the variable values if the module configuration specifies a type.

Reviewer: It's worth checking with Olivia to see if they will have this functionality in place.
Previously the variables come up before the project is selected, meaning there isn't a way to know if there are any project varset variables.

Reviewer 2: > Terraform requires values for these variables to successfully complete runs in the workspace.

It seems like we're repeating ourselves in the bullet point below -- should we remove this sentence from this step and get rid of the "Optional" tag in the next step?

Reviewer: Spoke with Olivia in the no-code sync. The removal of project-scoped variables from the list that ends up in the variable form is not part of the GA, so you can remove this change.

1. Enter a **Workspace Name**. The name must be unique within the organization and can include letters, numbers, dashes (-), and underscores (_). Refer to the [workspace naming recommendations](/terraform/cloud-docs/workpaces/creating#workspace-naming) for more guidance.

> 1. Choose a **Project** for the workspace. Teams with access to the specified project will automatically be able to view the workspace. Refer to [Organizing Workspaces with Projects](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/organize-workspaces-with-projects) for more details. Any variable sets applied to the specified project will be automatically applied to the workspace.

Reviewer 3: Rephrasing suggestion for active voice:
```suggestion
1. Choose a **Project** for the workspace. Teams with access to the specified project can view the workspace automatically. Refer to [Organizing Workspaces with Projects](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/organize-workspaces-with-projects) for more details. If the specified project contains any project-scoped variable sets, Terraform Cloud automatically applies those sets to the workspace.
```

Author: Lovely, will apply these suggestions!
